Add Windows registries documentation (#3199)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/capabilities/file-integrity/fim-configuration.rst

  - SHA256: 092fcfbbcfca3b5be7ae1b5e58538e92c35ab273ae13664fed0d67484c8e78a6

.. _how_to_fim_registries:

Configuring Windows registry
----------------------------

> To configure the Windows registries, it is necessary to create a list of those registries to monitor. This is done in a manner similar to how we list directories and files, but using the label ```<windows_registry>``` instead. There are many attributes and options to specify, for example, all the basic checks can be enabled with the ``check_all`` attribute, the registry architecture to monitor can be specified with ``arch``, ``report_changes`` can be used to get information on the changes made to values, etc. A list of all the supported attributes and options can be found here: :ref:`Windows registries <reference_ossec_syscheck_windows_registry>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure the Windows registries, it is necessary to create a list of those registries to monitor. This is done in a similar manner to how we list directories and files, but using the label ```<windows_registry>``` instead. There are many attributes and options to specify, for example, all the basic checks can be enabled with the ``check_all`` attribute, the registry architecture to monitor can be specified with ``arch``, ``report_changes`` can be used to get information on the changes made to values, and so on. A list of all the supported attributes and options can be found here: :ref:`Windows registries <reference_ossec_syscheck_windows_registry>`.
```

  - SHA256: 60c2a08e66f02bacea882f7b437f9c983431d75a686b703661c34e288d36de9dWhat changed:
  <Diff truncated because nodiff option>

.. _how_to_fim_registries:

Configuring Windows registry
----------------------------

> To configure the Windows registries, it is necessary to create a list of those registries to monitor. In a similar way to the directories, using the label <windows_registry>. There are many attributes and options to specify, for example, all the basic checks ``CHECK_ALL``, the registry architecture ``arch``, ``report_changes`` to know the value content changes, etc. Here can be found all the attributes and options, :ref:`Windows registries <reference_ossec_syscheck_windows_registry>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To configure the Windows registries, it is necessary to create a list of those registries to monitor. This is done in a manner similar to how we list directories and files, but using the label <windows_registry> instead. There are many attributes and options to specify, for example, all the basic checks can be enabled with the ``check_all`` attribute, the registry architecture to monitor can be specified with ``arch``, ``report_changes`` can be used to get information on the changes made to values, etc. A list of all the supported attributes and options can be found here: :ref:`Windows registries <reference_ossec_syscheck_windows_registry>`.
```
